h1. Keyless Entry

This plugin will generate common user authentication code for your CFWheels application.

h2. Current Features

* Generates basic controllers, models and views to get up and running quickly.
* Provides basic user authentication.
* Provides a sign-up form to allow new user creation.
* Adds methods to your Wheels app to set as filters to require login, etc.
* Hashes passwords so they are not visible in the database

h2. Instructions

# Create the db tables
# Generate the code
# Add these to your routes file
<pre>
<code>
<cfset addRoute(name="login", pattern="login", controller="sessions", action="new")>  
<cfset addRoute(name="logout", pattern="logout", controller="sessions", action="destroy")>
<cfset addRoute(name="signup", pattern="signup", controller="users", action="new")>
<cfset addRoute(name="activate", pattern="activation/[activationCode]", controller="activations", action="activate")>
</code>
</pre>
# Filters can be added to controllers, etc.
# Create users table with the following SQL

<pre>
CREATE TABLE `users` (
  `id` int(11) NOT NULL auto_increment,
  `accountID` int(11) default NULL,
  `username` varchar(20) collate latin1_general_ci NOT NULL default '',
  `password` varchar(255) collate latin1_general_ci NOT NULL default '',
  `email` varchar(100) collate latin1_general_ci NOT NULL default '',
  `firstName` varchar(50) collate latin1_general_ci NOT NULL default '',
  `lastName` varchar(50) collate latin1_general_ci default NULL,
  `isAdmin` tinyint(1) default '0',
  `activationCode` varchar(35) collate latin1_general_ci default NULL,
  `activatedAt` datetime default NULL,
  `lastLogin` int(11) default NULL,
  `createdAt` datetime default NULL,
  `updatedAt` datetime default NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY  (`id`)
) 
</pre>

TODO

* Move password encryption to plugin file
